NUM_POSTE: 8-digit Météo-France number of the post
USUAL_NAME: usual name of the position
LAT: latitude, negative south (in degrees and millionths of a degree)
LON: longitude, negative west of GREENWICH (in degrees and millionths of a degree)
ALTI: altitude of the foot of the shelter or of the rain gauge if there is no shelter (in m)
YYYYMMDD: date of measurement (year month day)
DHUMEC: humidification duration (in mins)
PMERM: daily average of hourly sea pressures (in hPa and 1/10)
PMERMIN: daily minimum of hourly minimum sea pressures (in hPa and 1/10)
INST: daily sunshine duration (in min)
GLOT: daily global radiation (in J/cm2)
DIFT: daily diffuse radiation (in J/cm2)
DIRT: daily direct radiation (in J/cm2)
INFRART: sum of hourly infrared radiation (in J/cm2)
UV: daily cumulative ultraviolet radiation (in J/cm2)
UV_INDICEX: maximum hourly UV indices
SIGMA: fraction of sunshine relative to the length of the day (in %)
UN: daily minimum of hourly minimum relative humidities (in %)
HUN: One hour (hhmm)
UX: daily maximum of hourly maximum relative humidities (in %)
HUX: UX time (hhmm)
UM: daily average of hourly relative humidities (in %)
DHUMI40: humidity duration with U â‰¤ 40% (in min)
DHUMI80: humidity duration U â‰¥ 80% (in min)
TSVM: mean vapor pressure (in hPa and 1/10)
ETPMON: Daily ETP Monteith (in mm and 1/10)
ETPGRID: ETP calculated at the nearest grid point (in mm and 1/10)
FLOWM: unused field
HNEIGEF: height of fresh snow fallen in 24 hours (from 06:00 FU on day D to 06:00 FU on day D+1) which remains on the ground at 06:00 FU. The value recorded on day D+1 is assigned to day D (in cm)
NEIGETOTX: maximum daily snow depth (between 01h and 24h FU) (in cm)
NEIGETOT06: total thickness of snow on the ground measured at 6 a.m. (NEIGETOT 6 a.m.) (in cm)
SNOW: occurrence of snow (0 if it did not snow, 1 if it snowed)
BROU: occurrence of fog (0 or 1 if pheno.)
ORAG: occurrence of storm (0 or 1 if pheno.)
ICE PELLET: occurrence of sleet (0 or 1 if pheno.)
HAIL: occurrence of hail (0 or 1 if pheno.)
DEW: occurrence of dew (0 or 1 if pheno.)
ICE: occurrence of ice (0 or 1 if pheno.)
SOLNEIGE: occurrence of ground covered with snow (0 or 1 if pheno.)
FROST: occurrence of white frost (0 or 1 if pheno.)
SMOKE: occurrence of smoke (0 or 1 if pheno.)
MIST: occurrence of mist (0 or 1 if pheno.)
LIGHTNING: occurrence of lightning (0 or 1 if pheno)
NB300: maximum cloudiness > 4/8 and layer < 300 m (in octa)
BA300: minimum height of NB300 (in m)
TMERMIN: daily minimum seawater temperature (in °C and 1/10)
TMERMAX: maximum daily seawater temperature (in °C and 1/10)

Each data item is associated with a quality code (e.g. T;QT):
 9: filtered (data has passed first level filters/checks)
 0: protected data (the data has been definitively validated by the climatologist)
 1: validated (the data has been validated by automatic control or by the climatologist)
 2: doubtful under verification (the data has been called into question by automatic control)
 
Generally speaking, the values ​​provided are given with a precision that roughly corresponds to the resolution of the value measuring device.
However, it may happen, for technical reasons of storage or extraction of values, that this rule is not respected.
Due to rounding, it may occasionally happen that base values ​​at a lower time step (e.g. minute data) are not exactly consistent with their correspondents at a higher time step (e.g. hourly data).